build(deps): bump edc from 0.9.1 to 0.10.0 (#331)
eclipse-edc/Samples: policy/policy-01-policy-enforcement/README.md

```

When implementing either of the function interfaces, we have to override the `evaluate` method. For the
`AtomicConstraintRuleFunction` we get the constraint's operator and right value as well as the containing rule node and
an extension of `PolicyContext` as parameters, determined by the policy scope on which the function the function will be

> registered (keep in mind that policy scopes and contexts are strictly bind one to each other). Using these, we have to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registered (keep in mind that policy scopes and contexts are strictly bound to each other). Using these, we have to
```
